Rebased version of PR #45 regarding request path authorization. (#58)
WLCG-AuthZ-WG/common-jwt-profile: profile.md

When a capability is asserted (only in Access Tokens), it is relative to the VO's coarse-grained authorization; the resource only maps the token to a VO and then uses the capabilities in the token for fine-grained authorization within the VO's authorized area.  In this way, the VO, not the resource, manages the authorizations within its area.

> For a storage resource, the "authorized area" is typically implemented as a set of one or more request prefixes assigned to a VO, corresponding to file paths on a filesystem.  Requests should be authorized by evaluating the scopes within the context of these prefixes.  For example, suppose a resource server `https://storage.site.org` has associated an issuer `https://vo.example.org` with prefix `/vo`.  Then, a token with scopes `storage.read:/ storage.create:/stageout` can authorize:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a storage resource, the "authorized area" is typically implemented as a set of one or more request prefixes assigned to a VO, corresponding to file paths on a filesystem.  Requests should be authorized by evaluating the scopes within the context of these prefixes.  For example, suppose a resource server `https://storage.site.org` has associated an issuer `https://vo.example.org` with prefix `/vo`.  Then, a token with scopes `storage.read:/ storage.create:/stageout` authorizes:
```
